Let's take a look at what I assume you already know and where this course about
JAXB fits in with other courses available on Pluralsight.
For this course,
I assume that you already know how to program in Java and that you have
the Java Development Kit installed on your system.
If you're really new to Java,
then I recommend that you make sure you're familiar with Java
syntax and writing small programs yourself first.
There are many courses available on Pluralsight from which
you can learn the fundamentals of Java.
Besides the JDK, you don't need any other tools,
but I recommend using an IDE,
which will make working with the examples much easier.
I will be using IntelliJ IDEA, but you're free to use any other IDE,
such as Eclipse or NetBeans.
All the examples in this course will use either Maven or Gradle,
So as long as your IDE supports these build tools,
you will to import the example code into your IDE.
I also assume that you have, at least,
some basic knowledge about XML and XML schema.
To refresh your knowledge,
I've included a short overview of the most important concepts you need
to know about XML and XSD at the end of this module.
If you've never worked with XML before,
then you might want to take a look at the following other
Pluralsight courses: XML Fundamentals by Dan Sullivan and XML
Syntax Fundamentals by Ken Holman.
If you're specifically interested in working XML-based web services,
then the following course might be interesting to follow after this course: Building JAX-WS Web Services with Apache CXF by Michael Hoffman.